# NF DEV
The goal of this project is that of building a VNF model starting from its actual implementation and building a translations vs SymNet and Verigraph.  

## Tool
The tool is composed by different parts:

	- a library that can be used to write the implementation of a generic VNF (package it.polito.nfdev.lib);
	- a set of verification-oriented functions and annotations in order to enrich the VNF implementation and aid the extraction of logic formulas;
	- an example on how to write the code of a real NAT function (package it.polito.nfdev.nat)
	- a translator vs Verigraph
	- a translator vs SymNet 
	
Folders:

	- src: there are packages for: Library, NFs, SymNet Translator, Verigraph Translation, Verigraph Test execution. 
	- generated: generated logical expression classes by jaxb
	- doc: documentation of the project
	- lib: libraries dependencies collected for Ant 
	- nfSymNetJava: in this folder the classes generated in the 1th translation phase of the NFs to SymNet are saved (target "run_parser")
	- nfSymNetScala/input: classes generated in the second phase of the SymNet translation (target name="run_mvn")
	- nfSymNetScala/output: classes generated in the last stage of the SymNet translation (target name="run_postParser")
	- xsd/java: classes generated by the translation vs Verigraph
	- xsd/txt: there are the NFs rules in a textual form (made by the Parser)
	- xsd: there are the NFs in XML format and the XML-schema.

Files:

	- build.xml: Script for generating jaxb logical expression classes
	- builer.xml: Script for generating NFs compatible with SymNet.
	- pom.xml: resolve dependencies of Maven to run javatoscala plug-in	 

Run Info:

	The builder.xml provides all the targets in order to generate the NFs for SymNet. 
	1) Read the policies in xml format and generate a Java file containing the SEFL policies for SymNet. Main in Parser.java
	2) Convert the Java classes in the scale language for SymNet. Using the plug-in-maven 'javatoscala'.
	3) Replace the SEFL functions that can not be represented in Java (e.g. :==:). Main in the class PostProcess.java

## Note
Eclipse version: Eclipse Java EE IDE for Web Developers.
Version: Photon Release (4.8.0)
Build id: 20180619-1200
Java version: "1.8.0_131" (Java HotSpot 64-Bit Server VM (build 25.131-b11, mixed mode)

